Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back.
>> We are online sellers. We buy stuff at
what? Garage sales, estate sales,
private pick,
>> little marketplace.
>> All all over the place. We buy stuff and
then we sell it on eBay, Mccuri, Etsy,
and Poshmark. And today is a special day
because we've sold stuff on all of them.
So today we'd like to show y'all what
sells for us on all those platforms. You
ready to go? Let's get right into it.
>> Yeah, we're going to get those orders
pulled right now. Okay, we're starting
out first with our eBay sales. First
thing is some flatwear on five Charlie
L12. This is some ICM Lawer Italian soup
spoon.
>> Yeah, this was a a fantastic buy.
L12.
It's
>> a fantastic buy we made uh last year.
It's been slow, but man, we've been
selling these
for about that same amount every time.
>> Yep. Yeah. Uh this is uh one thing I
look for in flatear beside your just
your traditional vintage. If it's mod
looking like this and vintage, that
usually tells me it's going to be good
money most of the time.
>> Just like anything else, if we haven't
seen some What is What kind of utensil
is it?
>> It's a spoon. 12. Yeah.
>> 10 11.
>> That's 12 right there.
>> There we go. And uh this sold for $47.
And that's why we listed them
individually because they are so
expensive.
>> Yeah.
>> Um we wanted any imperfections on each
piece to be known to the buyer.
>> Yeah. And um and we figured we'd get
more money that way. Like we probably if
we would have tried to sell all that we
had at the same time, we probably would
have gotten less than half the money. We
were willing to wait to get this level
of money per piece and making a lot more
that way
>> cuz these are very rare. So when
somebody wants them, they're going to
buy it. All right.
>> Okay. Next thing is a jacket on eight
delta bokeal. It's a cat for duck
quilted jacket.
Okay.
probably Charlie Delta.
Okay. Yeah, got it.
>> 64.
>> Kind of an odd place for a jacket, but
it is there.
>> We went through a time period where we
were
we don't list a ton of clothing, but we
went through a little bit of a time
period where we did
list a more clothing than normal, so had
to put stuff in weird places. There we
go.
>> I like that picture with the plaid
showing. I like that. It's a nice
jacket. I remember that.
>> Yep. $64.99.
One Bravo. We sold a Halo 3 spanker box.
>> A spanker box.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> This is a box only. It was came in a
bundle uh I guess with a game or
controller. It
>> came with controllers.
>> Controllers.
>> Yeah. Like I think two controllers it's
made to hold or something.
>> And so we sold that for $62.99.
>> Yeah. We only paid a dollar for that.
>> Yeah.
All righty. Somebody bought four
eyeliners. Uh oh.
>> Uh they're all on Temp Bravo. Grab that
little bucket.
>> Okay.
This is another um Not everything we buy
and sell is a home run, but these were
>> Yeah.
>> Well, you're into these for a dollar a
piece, right?
>> Dollar a whack. Yeah.
>> And we've sold a bunch of them. All
right.
>> First one is Alkaline.
>> Got it.
>> Sabbath
said Sabbath. Okay. Smog.
>> Okay.
>> Stash.
>> Man, we still have a lot left.
>> Yep. Alkaline $14.99.
Sabbath $12.99.
Smog $9.99 and Stash $9.99.
>> Okay. Yeah, we we have them priced
pretty much what between $9.99 and
$24.99.
>> Yeah, we've Yeah, 25 has been the
highest one. Yeah,
>> I think we've sold both. We saw two of
those. Yeah. Yep. We have some shut
shoulder pads going out.
>> That's awesome.
>> Eight alpha.
>> I when I bought these um this this
model, this particular model in this
size um you're just not going to get
much money for it. But it sold really
quick. I priced it I priced it to move.
>> Yeah.
>> And No, they normally look a little
bigger than this.
>> Oh, look at that. You bundled them all
up. Yeah,
>> like a little turtle in it shell.
>> Exact. I I referred to it as more of an
armadillo.
>> Oh, there you go.
>> But yeah,
>> $24.99.
>> They're normally they normally come out
much further, but I I plastic wrapped
them. Yep. Stretch wrapped them.
>> Okay, next order has four Joe figures on
it.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> Okay, four alpha box C and G. We're
getting some out of those.
>> Oh, this is quite the order. Okay,
>> C and G box.
>> Okay, here is the C box.
And I that actually moves
leaves a spot to where I can grab G
easily.
Oh, G ain't got much in it either.
>> G, we're looking for Viper. It's a two
pack.
>> Okay. Is this it? Viper. That's it.
Candace, we only have one left in here.
Do you want to take it down?
>> Yeah. I'm I'll move that some. Let's
leave here. Put it back in the box for
me.
>> Okay.
>> I'm going to put it over here and I will
uh move it to another location.
>> All right.
>> And that'll free up that big spot up
there for us.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay. And then in the C box, we
need um Retaliation Cobra Trooper with
parachute
and a Crimson Guard.
>> Okay, here's a Cobra Trooper with
parachute, I think. Check Check that box
though and make sure.
>> Yes, that is it. And then a Crimson
Guard. He's wearing red, of course.
>> Red Fang Ninja, Snake Eyes, Crimson
Guard. He's down there at the bottom.
>> Yep.
So y'all can see we still have a fair
fair amount, but we're
>> seems like once every week or two we're
>> selling
decommissioning one of the boxes.
>> Yep.
>> Because it's empty.
>> All right. That's awesome though.
>> And then they have one more. It's in the
Digimon drawer
over here.
It is Viper. Labeled Viper.
Isn't that funny when you get kind of on
the back?
>> Oh, wait. I'm sorry. It's not Viper. I'm
looking at the other one we already
pulled. It is um Renegades figure.
>> Uhhuh. Is it Cobra Trooper?
>> Cobra Trooper. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> This is what he looks like. He's got
like a blue big red snake on his chest.
Yep.
>> All right. I'm just going to give you
all the total for that order. Let's see.
Let me get back over there.
>> Let me guess. This is four figs.
>> Yeah,
>> it's probably about probably about 60
bucks.
>> 73.96 plus shipping.
>> Nice. Yep.
>> Yeah. Look, it's not even that big. Look
at that.
>> Yeah. Okay. We sold a Nintendo Game Boy
little carry backpack.
>> Yeah. I actually just edited the short
where we bought that in a meet. Where is
it?
>> Oh, I'm sorry. Six Charlie.
>> Okay.
>> $11.99.
>> Yeah, these little things they I knew
they weren't It wasn't going to be much
money. And I think we paid two for that.
>> Yep.
>> But it sold super fast.
>> Yep. It was the first thing we bought
that day.
>> That's right.
>> We have some more cosmetics. Another
eyeliner. Vice.
>> Okay. I'll just grab it out of here.
>> Yeah.
>> Vice. Yep. Oh, Candace. We need to find
like a pallet full of these, man.
>> I know, right? Oh my goodness.
>> Cuz I mean, yeah, they're they're not
like huge money, but man, they are
flying off the shelf.
>> I'm talking about it's huge money.
>> $9.99 for that one. And then flappable
E.L.F. drawer. Down here we have some
Urban Decay setting spray.
>> Good job, E.L.F.
>> Right there. That was in the same buy.
Paid a dollar for that, too. So,
>> these go together.
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> The total for that order is $24.98 plus
ship.
>> Okay. Good.
>> To Bravo Hagawa Battle of Britain
airplane model
hurricane.
This right here.
>> 14.99.
>> Okie dokie.
>> We sold a magnet.
>> Yes. Uh-oh. How many How many more did
we sell?
>> I think that
>> cuz I've only got one glued up.
>> We have one more. Oh, we're good. We
just have one more to show up.
>> Okay. So, we I need to glue up some more
tonight.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. And we actually we actually have
all the filament we need, too, to do
some more printing.
I think we got about 20 blanks, but I'm
going to need to go ahead and start
running off some more.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Just to be safe. We sold a
blank outdoor camera 10 alpha.
>> Yeah. We We just bought this uh what day
was that? Thursday
>> when we bought that.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. Went to one of our went to a good
garage sale and uh
they had this this is brand This is
still sealed.
>> Yeah.
>> And paid $20 for it. $ 89.99.
>> So, I mean, that was a fast flip, too.
>> We have some army pants going out. Let
me make sure we don't have somebody
else. We do. We So, pull two of those
cuz two orders have that on there.
>> They're both the same.
>> Yes. Eight alpha 2X sweatpants.
>> Okay. Yeah, we need to
hopefully we hopefully we have enough to
fill the order.
>> Yeah, we do. Cuz we have some
>> We actually finally went to storage.
Yeah,
>> we we were forced to um which y'all see
in a minute. But
we saw we we did see our backstock of
this stuff. And I think this might have
been one of the things we have back.
>> I didn't realize we probably should have
grabbed some,
>> right? I didn't know what we had in
here.
>> Um in fact, yeah, that empties this box.
So,
>> okay. Well, that's good though. We have
But we can fulfill the order,
>> right?
>> Orders we have.
>> Okay. I'm going to put this back. Make a
note
>> that we need to get
>> on the board 2X
>> sweatpants
>> 2X army sweatpants.
>> Yep.
>> Cuz I know we have a huge backstock of
that in storage and then we can uh
replenish.
We have the empty box on eight alpha
>> and then one of the uh pants. They also
bought a shirt. Let me see what size. A
2X on two alpha.
>> Two alpha. 2X. Okay.
>> Yep.
So, those um they each sell for $19.99,
the pants and the shirts.
>> Okay.
So, I just need to move this for a
moment, but then I'm going to have to
put something else down somewhere.
This big box here. All right.
This thing's heavy. Still heavy. We
pulled from it a good bit, too.
>> Yeah.
>> We be right back. Oh, man. Here's our
box of 3X shirts. We had a lot of these
as you can see. Yeah, this was a
quantity 40 to begin with. I'm not quite
sure what's left in there.
>> Okay. Well, good. I'm just glad to see
these clothes going out.
>> Oh, yeah. I have a good feeling with
Father's Day coming up, but although the
hot weather's coming,
>> that's the problem. Like like if I I
feel like if we don't sell them now
>> in the fall,
>> it's not no big deal. It's got a way to,
you know, it's it's
>> we've done gotten our money back plus
some. So yeah, it's cool to just sit and
wait for the fall, cooler weather,
whatever, you know. Hat box D. We sold a
hat.
>> Good.
>> Selling a hat.
>> Kenworth. It's black with red stitching.
>> That's actually a decent little hat
there.
>> It is. It's a good hat.
>> Okay.
>> As far as hats go.
>> I don't know. I complain about hats, but
we're we're pretty steady getting hat
boxes down. And we're still buying hats
because this box is almost empty. I
know. Well, we have tightened our
requirements and we haven't I haven't
actually I've got quite a few hats to
list right now, too.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I'll try and put them in this box.
>> Yep. $24.99 for that one.
>> When I say quite a few, I might mean
like five.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. We've gotten a lot pickier.
>> We have. It's still good though.
Especially like Especially if you get
really picky, it can be really good.
>> Mhm. So, this next thing is one of the
reasons we went to storage. It's a movie
reels. A lot of 25 on 10 alpha R seven.
This is 35 mm film theater trailers.
>> Yeah, right here. I'm going to come back
and pick them pick them up in a second.
We have that and that's gone.
And then let's see what else we have.
This lot, this lot.
I think that's it. I think we have two
other lots besides that one, Candace.
>> Yeah. So, uh, we're going to be getting
some more or Lonnie's going to be
getting some more up this week.
>> Yeah. I've actually set up
I've actually kind of set up shop in our
office.
>> Yeah.
>> Temporarily because
we brought home a bunch of uh
we brought probably about a dozen a
dozen cans of these reels. And I think I
probably make about
probably about a dozen lots and maybe 10
lots, something like that. Yeah, there's
like 25 to 30 in each uh bucket. So,
yeah,
>> we went and picked a bunch of those up.
That sold for $74.99.
>> That is still not the reason we went
though. But keep going. It's not the
main reason we went.
>> Oh, we had to bring the cups.
>> That's still not the main reason we
went. But keep going.
>> Oh god, I don't remember. Let me think
about it and I'll get the next order.
It's another shed flips magnet.
>> Yes.
>> There you go. $7.99 for those.
>> Okay.
>> All righty. We sold some more
cosmeticish stuff.
>> Cosmeticish.
>> What is
>> the Boba Fett drawer?
>> This is like Spartacus and Spartacus
versus Cosmeticus.
>> Where where am I going?
>> It's Boba.
>> Boba.
>> Sophia and Maybel. I woke up like this.
>> Oh,
>> it's that little pink box.
>> I woke up like this.
>> $9.99.
>> Well, they always trying to be so
catchy.
>> Yeah, they have to.
>> They do.
>> Yep. We have a PopMart figure on Seven
Delta.
This is a Pucky Forest Party series.
>> Seven
>> butterfly baby.
>> Seven Delta.
>> Okay. I think it the other ones whenever
she's done forest before, it's always
been this polka dot looking hat thing.
>> Yeah, the mushroom guy. That's it.
>> Forest party. I think this is it.
>> Yeah, that's it. Okay,
>> I'll just double check since they are
blind boxes, so that's not what the
figure looks like. And this one sold for
$24.99.
Yep. Butterfly baby.
>> Okay.
>> All right. In the Joe drawer, some
>> Glad you showed me that cuz when I'm
editing, it makes it very difficult.
>> Maybe
>> because I don't know which one
>> which one I'm packing cuz the packaging
doesn't always match the figure.
>> They usually don't. Okay, we're going in
the Joe drawer for some cologne.
>> Okay.
>> Or perfume. Poor Feimi.
Let's see if it's actually in here.
>> There's last one.
>> Man, I was wondering. I was like, man,
do we really have anything left?
>> Look how empty that drawer is.
>> We have no kids. We have almost nothing
left from that perfume.
>> I know. Like whenever we go to pull
something, we're like, oh, we still have
stuff from that box.
>> I know.
>> $17.99 for that.
Five foxtrot, a vintage Bombay company
would
>> It's a desk briefcase. Huh.
>> It's a It's like a a letter box or a
desk organizer. Yeah.
Five fox truck.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah, it's down. I had to find a spot
for it.
>> That's fine.
>> Five fox truck. It must be on the other
side. More accessible.
>> It's right here.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Here, let me There you go. It's a little
heavy.
>> But we actually we also went to
Goodwill.
>> Yeah, we dropped off some stuff.
>> Yep. But we had we had two we had two
places we could have gone. Let me tell
y'all a story.
>> Oh, yeah. And yeah, I I was be I was
nice. We had two
>> Don't Don't name names.
>> I'm not going to name names, but we had
two places we could have gone and
it was about It looked like it was going
to rain soon.
>> So, we were unloading. We We had uh we
had a bunch of vinyl that I didn't want
to list. I didn't want to mess with
anymore. I wanted to get it out of here.
It was all sitting in the aisle here.
>> Plus some personal stuff.
>> We kind of Yeah, we had some personal
stuff. And then we had a what? A twin
bed frame.
>> Yeah, it's like a iron a cheap iron twin
bed frame we bought off Amazon before.
>> But but I used it
that bed was in the the office.
>> Okay. But I used like this and I took it
apart carefully, wrapped it up. I knew
it wasn't like super desirable, but I
was like, you know what? We're also
bringing a bunch of really good stuff
with us, too.
>> Yep.
>> You know, like the vinyl. I knew they
were going to, you know, do really well
on the vinyl, make money or whatever. I
was like, "Good." So, start unloading
the stuff and I'm looking at the sky.
Nobody's out there to help, which is
fine. I don't need We don't need help.
But I'm looking at the sky. I'm like,
"Man, I better ring this bell because
they had a bell uh a little doorbell on
the door
>> drop off." Yeah.
>> I was like, "You know what? I better
ring this bell so they come out and get
this stuff cuz I don't want these
records to get ruined. Even though we're
not going to make money off of them at
this point, we're donating them.
>> Yeah.
>> Comes out. Oh, wow. Y'all have some
y'all have records. I'm like, "Yep,
yep."
>> She's like, "The guys in the back are
going to love that."
>> Yeah.
>> So, I I was like, "Yep, yep. Glad to
glad to donate them to y'all. Hope y'all
do well with them." Talking talking. Oh,
well, we don't take that.
Points at the the bed. Now, now it
doesn't even like the way we have it,
it's not like it's big or anything. It's
wrapped up. It's twin size. Really
lightweight iron. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And like we have it really neat.
Like it's really pack packaged neatly
wrapped up. No, it's not huge or
anything.
>> Oh, we don't take that.
>> And I'm like, oh man, y'all can't take
that bed. Oh, we don't have the force.
Whatever. I'm like, all right. And so,
um, I put it back in the truck.
>> Yep.
>> And then I start I start putting the
vinyl back in the truck. We started
picking all our stuff up
>> and and she's like, "Oh, no, but we'll
we'll still take the vinyl." I'm like,
"No, ma'am. This is all or nothing. If
you don't if you won't take that, we got
to go somewhere else. And if we got to
go somewhere else, then you're not going
to get this either,
>> right?"
>> I said, "That's the cost." Like, you're
helping. It's supposed to be a win-win.
>> So,
>> yeah, she act like we're jumping off a
box of dirty diapers or something.
That's a nice looking bed,
>> right? So,
>> and I was like, and and that's fine if
that's their policy, but and the only
reason that she even knew, here's the
thing, the only reason that she even
knew that we were dropping the bed off
is because I rang the bell because I
didn't want their new vinyl that they
were going to get to get wet.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
I didn't like that. I didn't like that.
She was like, "Oh, no, no, we'll take
that." I'm like, "Oh, no, that's fine."
And then she said, "Oh, well, I'm
sorry." I'm like, "Hey, it's your loss."
>> And I don't understand because
>> we're going to go donate this stuff.
>> I don't understand because this the
space this place is in is huge.
>> It is huge.
>> I think she just didn't want the hassle
of having to put a bed together.
>> I think she screwed up because like
>> they were going to make hundreds of
dollars on this vinyl because we could
have we could have made more than that,
too. But I mean, I think she screwed up
and she like and once I drew the line in
the sand, I said, "No, you don't get
this." It was a lot of vinyl. You don't
get this unless you take this.
>> I think she got in her feelings a little
bit and stood her ground when she That
was really stupid.
>> It was weird.
>> That was nose despite despite face.
>> Yeah. So, we took it all to Goodwill and
they
>> We took it all to Goodwill and they were
>> They were happy about it
>> and they were they had a couple
employees out there by the loading dock.
Oh, that's awesome. Thank y'all. You
know, it was none of that. So, whenever
we talk about, you know,
that's why I appreciate Goodwill.
>> Yeah.
>> Because for for us, the win when we go
to drop to donate stuff is not being
hassled and picked apart and
cherrypicked,
>> right?
>> That's like that's the win for us. Yep.
>> You know?
>> Yep.
>> So, yeah.
>> Oh, that by the way, that box sold for
$69.99.
>> Oh, okay. Yeah, that's really good.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, cool.
>> Oh, man. And wait, we sold another pair
of 2X pants.
>> Did we?
>> Yeah. So, we're going to have to go to
storage today.
>> Oh, goodness. Okay.
>> Yeah. They don't have to ship out till
tomorrow, so we're good. But we'll
>> Okay. We'll just pull it tomorrow.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Okay. We'll do that.
>> All right, man.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
>> Man, 3 2x pants. Okay. For for Delta,
this is a purse, Isabella Fiori.
>> Okay,
>> this is a uh good brand to look out for
this these this vintage brand of purses.
We we could have waited too and probably
got the hundred.
>> Yeah, I priced it at a 100 and we
negotiated or Lonnie did. He talked to
me about it.
>> Well, the thing is I I mean it's really
difficult for me to turn down like 80
bucks.
>> Yeah.
>> When we have five into
>> We paid five for it,
>> you know. So, yeah,
>> that's that plays a major role. We're
still going to net over 50 bucks.
>> Yep. Okay. Last item. DND drawer.
Coca-Cola little miniature lot.
It's got like a a push cart, a crate, a
wash tub with bottles
>> right here.
>> Yeah,
>> man. That's really good money for that.
>> Yeah. Uh yeah, I had a bunch of
miniatures and going through it, I
realized how good some of it can be. So,
I've been kind of keeping my eye on
miniatures when we go out to sales.
$39.99 is what we got for that.
>> All right, y'all. So, we're actually set
up for packing right now.
>> Yeah.
>> But then Candace realized we didn't pull
one of our orders. So, we're going to
add this in now.
>> Yeah.
>> Um,
>> this is a G.I. Joe figure. Cobra Rex the
Rex the Dr. Lewis.
>> This right here.
>> Chief experimental dog.
>> There you go.
>> Yeah. I went to look for it to get it
ready for him. I'm like, uh, where is
this figure at? So, we pulled so many
Joe's today and I just I skipped over
this one somehow.
>> That's okay.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Back to
>> I'm glad we had it.
>> Yeah. Back to back to your regular
programming. or you might even go
straight to the uh to the end.
>> Right. Okay, that's all the eBay orders.
We're going to jump on over to Mari now.
We sold a lot of 12 Victor and Ralph uh
flower bomb samples.
>> This is the last one.
>> Yes,
>> supposedly. Let's see if we have it.
>> Small drawer.
Small drawer. Where you at? Right here.
>> Oh goodness. Okay.
>> All right.
>> Yep. $2124.
I guess Mari put that on sale for us.
Not sure. Sometimes they do that for
some reason. I may have took taken an
offer.
>> Oh, gotcha. Okay. In the m not in the
Molly on a Bravo, a popart Molly figure.
Uh, Carlover series.
>> A Bravo. You said a Bravo.
>> Yes.
>> Oh, there is one in here. Let's see.
Yep, there it is.
>> Well, you might sell most of that stuff
eventually.
>> This is the Tayyaki Princess.
>> Is that it?
>> Yeah. Let me just double check. So, that
sold for $24.99.
And this is what she looks like. She's a
little mermaid with a tayyaki tail.
>> Okay.
>> Yep.
>> I don't know what a tayyaki is.
>> It's a Japanese um It's kind of like a a
soft sweet bread and they fill them with
like bean paste.
>> She has a bread tail.
>> Kind of like a pancake.
>> So, she has a bread tail.
>> Yeah. This is a baking carb lover
series. So, they all have to do with
carb foods, baking.
>> And then we sold some philosophy hope in
a jar. It's on in the bellow drawer.
Oh, is over there.
>> It's a philosophy renewed hope in a jar
water cream moisturizer in a box.
>> Yes. $19.99 for that.
>> Sure. Yeah. Renewed hope in a jar. Yeah.
Okay.
>> Got it.
>> All righty. On Poshmark, we have some
shoes going out. Some Brighton like
slip-on wedges on Nine Delta.
>> Okay.
>> They're like a dark gray pewtor color.
Delta. See, I bet this is it.
>> $30 for those. Yep, that's them.
>> Like hammered.
>> Yeah.
>> Rivets or whatever.
>> Okay.
>> And our big item of the day is some call
your encyclopedia set.
>> That's the reason we went to storage.
That's That is
>> that because we had to go to storage for
that. The other stuff was all optional.
>> Yeah. So, uh we actually have them in
the truck. We're going to go grab them.
They're in four separate boxes. And they
sold for $220.
Shipping included.
>> All right. Here they are, y'all. The
encyclopedias.
And I I did these kind of weird. Um
I don't know why because it's been it's
been probably close to a year. I didn't
even know these were y'all. We had We
had no idea the we even had these. We
forgot about them.
>> I'm assuming the way you box them, you
plan on shipping in four separate
shipments cuz you like made these boxes.
>> Yeah, I did.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I used two I must have been out of
other boxes at the time cuz I used two
1210 fours on each one.
>> Yeah.
>> And now I'm looking I'm like, man,
I might we might put combine these two
together. You know what? I'm thinking
about doing taping these these together
and then using some of this scrap like
this
to do kind of a wrap around one side to
>> to make it even stronger.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh but we're going to look at the
scenarios first and see like like we
have to save a reasonable amount of
money to even do that. But I'm assuming
that shipping to I'm assuming for one
that it's probably going to go UPS
ground, but I don't know yet.
>> Yeah, we don't know cuz uh it's going to
Pennsylvania.
>> So, what did we charge for shipping?
>> It was included.
>> Okay. So, what was the total?
>> We sold them for 220 free ship.
>> 220 free ship. So, and where's it going?
>> Pennsylvania.
>> Pennsylvania. It's going to be kind of
pricey if we go UPS ground, but
I probably was counting on at least $100
shipping postage price here
>> probably. So,
>> uh, so we're I mean, even though we got
220, we're probably more we're probably
going to be looking at netting about 80
to 100 bucks by the time it's all said
and done.
>> So,
>> so yeah, that was the actual reason we
had to go to storage.
>> Yeah. which which was good, but we
didn't fulfill we didn't do everything
we need to do because we still need to
go back and get another pair of
sweatpants.
>> That's so crazy cuz we we put the
sweatpants right in the front of
storage. We're like cuz we're probably
going to be coming back to get these
soon.
>> Duh. We should have just brought them.
>> That's fine.
>> That's fine. We'll go back out probably
tonight, I guess, or I don't know.
>> All right. All right. So, yeah, we're
going to go ahead and get to it. We're
going to put on We're going to be over
on I'm going to pack it packing this
stuff. And that's going to be it for
this one. Thanks so much for watching
and we will see y'all again very soon.
Bye y'all. Bye.